New features
------------

**Statistics Dashboards**

This is the real first step managing data statistics using a DCD (data
collection device) evolving toward a true analytics platform. In this
guide, we will explore setting up and establishing connectivity using
master key to each DCD (data collection device).

-  Enabling statistics for each functional area as part of the discovery
   process. This will allow BIG-IQ to proxy statistics gathered and
   organized from each BIG-IP device leveraging F5 Analytics iApp
   service (https://devcentral.f5.com/codeshare/f5-analytics-iapp).

-  Configuration and tuning of statistic collections post discovery
   allowing the user to focus on data specific to their needs.

-  Viewing and interaction with statistics dashboard, such as filtering
   views, differing time spans, selection and drilldown into dashboards
   for granular data trends and setting a refresh interval for
   collections.

**Auto-scaling in a VMware cloud environment**

You can now securely manage traffic to applications in a VMware cloud
environment, specifying the parameters in a service scaling group to
dynamically deploy and delete BIG-IP devices as needed. BIG-IQ manages
the BIG-IP devices that are load balancing to the BIG-IP VE devices in
the cloud, as well as to the BIG-IP devices' application servers.

**Auto-scaling in an AWS environment**

You can now securely manage traffic to applications in a VMware cloud
environment, specifying the parameters in a service scaling group to
dynamically deploy and delete BIG-IP devices as needed. You can manage
the BIG-IP VE devices from a BIG-IQ system on-premises, or in the cloud.
You have the option to use an F5 AWS Marketplace license, or your own
BIG-IP license.

**BIG-IQ VE deployment in MS Azure**

You can now deploy a BIG-IQ VE in a MS Azure cloud environment.

**Intuitive visibility for all managed applications**

BIG-IQ now provides an overview of all managed applications with the
option for a more detailed view of each application. Both the overview
and detailed views provide information about the application's
performance, Web Application Security status, and network statistics.

**Easy application troubleshooting based on application traffic and
security data**

You can now enable enhanced analytics to view detailed application data
in real-time, which allows you to isolate traffic characteristics that
are affecting your application's performance and security status.

**Real-time notifications for monitored devices and applications**

You can now receive real time alerts and events for BIG-IP devices and
their connected applications. These notifications are integrated into
the BIG-IQ UI charts and allow you to pinpoint activities that are
currently affecting your application.

**Enhanced HTTP and Web Application Security visibility for all
applications**

You can use the HTTP and Web Application Security Dashboards to monitor
all applications managed by BIG-IQ Centralized Management. These
dashboards allow you to compare applications, pool members, and other
aspects of traffic to your applications. In addition, the enhanced view
includes real time events and alerts within the charts, and enhanced
analytics data.

**Added object and management support for DNS features**

Creating, reading, updating, and deleting DNS GSLB objects, and
listeners is now supported from the BIG-IQ user interface and the API.

**Visibility into managed service scaling groups**

An automatically scalable environment of BIG-IP VE devices can be
defined to provide services to a set of applications. System
administrators of BIG-IQ Centralized Management can monitor performance
data for these BIG-IP VE devices.

**Enhanced DNS visibility & configuration**

BIG-IQ provides the ability to configure and have an enhanced view into
DNS traffic, which now includes both peak traffic values and average
traffic values over a selected period of time.

**Application templates**

Enhanced application/service templates that make deployments simple and
repeatable.

**Security policies and profiles available in applications**

You can now add security policies and profiles to applications,
including Web Application Security policies, Network Security firewall
policies, DoS profiles, and logging profiles.

**Automatically deploy policy learning**

You can now enable automatic deployment of policy learning using Web
Application Security.

**Extended ASM/advanced WAF management that includes**

-  Auto-deploy policy learning

-  Brute-force attack event monitoring

-  Event correlation

-  Manage DataSafe profiles

-  Initial ASM and HTTP monitoring dashboards

**Enhanced AFM Management**

-  AFM and DoS event visualization

-  Multi device packet tester

-  Enhanced debugging

**APM enhancements**

-  Management capabilities for APM Federation through BIG-IQ (SAML, IdP
   and SP)

-  Management capabilities for APM SSO configuration for Web Proxy
   Authentication Support Through BIG-IQ

**Manage cookie protection**

You can now manage cookie protection for BIG-IP devices using Web
Application Security.

**Monitoring dashboard for Web Application Security statistics**

You can review Web Application Security policy statistics using a
graphical dashboard.

**Manage DataSafe profiles**

You can now manage DataSafe profiles using Fraud Protection Security.

**Enhanced support for NAT firewalls**

You can now use the enhanced NAT firewall support in Network Security.

**Subscriber support in firewall rules**

You can now add subscriber IDs and groups to firewall rules in Network
Security for BIG-IP devices that support them.

**Firewall testing using packet flow reports**

You can now create and view packet flow reports to test firewall
configurations in Network Security.

**Support for multiple BIG-IP devices with packet tester reports**

You can now select multiple BIG-IP devices when generating packet tester
reports in Network Security.

**Renaming of firewall objects supported**

You can now rename firewall objects, such as firewall policies in
Network Security.

**Enhanced support for DoS profiles, device DoS configurations, and
scrubber profiles**

You can now manage additional features of DoS profiles, device DoS
configurations, and scrubber profiles that are found in BIG-IP version
13.1, such as new vectors, stress-based mitigation, DNS dynamic
signatures, and VLAN support in scrubber profiles.

**Copying device DoS configurations**

You can now copy device DoS configurations from one BIG-IP device to
multiple BIG-IP devices with the same version.

**Viewing logs for DoS and firewall events in the user interface**

You can now configure and view logging of DoS and firewall events, and
for DoS events, see that information in a graphical format.

Additional details can be found in the full release notes:

https://support.f5.com/kb/en-us/products/big-iq-centralized-mgmt/releasenotes/product/relnote-big-iq-central-mgmt-6-0-0.html

**BIG-IP Versions** AskF5 SOL with this info:

https://support.f5.com/kb/en-us/solutions/public/14000/500/sol14592.html
