Default Actions
---------------

The BIG-IP\ :sup:`®` Network Firewall provides policy-based access
control to and from address and port pairs, inside and outside of your
network. Using a combination of contexts, the network firewall can apply
rules in many ways, including: at a global level, on a per-virtual
server level, and even for the management port or a self IP address.
Firewall rules can be combined in a firewall policy, which can contain
multiple context and address pairs, and is applied directly to a virtual
server.

By default, the Network Firewall is configured in **ADC mode**, a
default allow configuration, in which all traffic is allowed through the
firewall, and any traffic you want to block must be explicitly
specified.

The system is configured in this mode by default so all traffic on your
system continues to pass after you provision the Advanced Firewall
Manager. You should create appropriate firewall rules to allow necessary
traffic to pass before you switch the Advanced Firewall Manager to
Firewall mode. In **Firewall mode**, a default deny configuration, all
traffic is blocked through the firewall, and any traffic you want to
allow through the firewall must be explicitly specified.

This lab has been pre-configured in **Firewall mode**. 

You can change the BIG-IP AFM Network Firewall mode by modifying the 
Default Firewall Action setting. When you enable Firewall mode, the 
AFM system allows access only when specific firewall rules are put in 
place. While this method reduces the overall attack surface, it may 
impact services that you are not be aware of. ADC mode is currentl
the default and most popular choice. These steps change the AFM mode 
from the default ADC mode to firewall mode.


The BIG-IP\ :sup:`®` Network Firewall provides policy-based access
control to and from address and port pairs, inside and outside of your
network. By default, the network firewall is configured in ADC mode,
which is a **default allow** configuration, in which all traffic is
allowed to virtual servers and self IPs on the system, and any traffic
you want to block must be explicitly specified. This applies only to the
Virtual Server & Self IP level on the system.

.. IMPORTANT:: Even though the system is in a default allow configuration, if a packet matches no rule in any context on the firewall, a Global Drop rule drops the traffic.
Edited by George Nicholas 
